
---
"fusion-project-portal": major
--- 
Project Landing Page Update: Design and User Experience Enhancements
- Enhanced the project landing page by integrating a full-width header containing essential project information, aligning it with the Fusion landing page.
- Introduced a new Overview tab with a new layout.
- Users can now view their project allocation, with a direct link to the project organization application in Fusion.
- Displayed the project director prominently on the project landing page.
- Implemented a project phase indicator on the Overview tab, showcasing DG dates and the current DG phase of the project.
- Aligned the design of pinned apps with Fusion while maintaining content stored in local storage.
- Implemented cleanup functionality for removing deleted apps within pinned apps.
- Redesigned the contract list to feature cards instead of a table, categorizing contracts into active and closed groups based on closing date.
- Introduced a Project Portal Info section with quick facts.
- Implemented a Construction and Commissioning tab featuring milestones and CC-Application KPIs, accessible behind a feature flag.
- Developed a new menu design, also accessible behind a feature flag, in alignment with the all-apps list.
- Added functionality for feature flagging with local storage implementation utilizing the new feature flag module in Fusion.
- Introduced a "My Features" tab under the user's account to enable feature flags.
- Global app search and navigation behind feature flag.
