
---
"fusion-project-portal": major
--- 
The project portal has undergone a major rewrite for both frontend and portal api to accommodate for this release of the portal, now supporting `facility` context selection.


- Portal Landing page, has undergone some minor styling changes, user card and portal info card is added.
- The portal now supports facility context.
- The portal now is open to all context, this allows the user to select all contexts but all applications may not be available for all context.
- All contexts will display global applications
- When selecting a project, the portal will navigate the user to a project page
- When selecting a facility the portal will navigate the user to a facility page
- Updates to the underlying portal configuration. This will not impact the user but simplify portal configurations for developers.
- Portal now utilizes application manifest as defined in fusion, this allows application admins to change application category from the application admin interface.

Project page:
- Added navigation to the corresponding facilities of the selected project.
- Minor layout update to accommodate for smaller screens. 
- Added icon to header for easier context identification.
- Added context type to header for easier context identification. 

Facility page:
- Added navigation to the corresponding projects of the selected facility.
- Facility page shows the same my work assigned section.
- All corresponding project phases / DG phases will be de shown if data is available.
- Added icon to header for easier context identification.
- Added context type to header for easier context identification.
- Favorites are the same as on project page.
- Facility may show less applications as there are less applications supporting the context type.


> [!IMPORTANT]  
> This change requires database migration.
